Generator: update platform dev setup docs (#133)
AlaskaAirlines/WC-Generator: docs/devSetupOsx.md

# macOS

> Auro's development environment uses Node.js tools. If you are contributing to Auro on macOS, [Xcode](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-download-and-install-xcode/), [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) and [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) highly recommended. Otherwise, you will encounter issues with the repo's tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auro's development environment uses Node.js tools. If you are contributing to Auro on macOS, [Xcode](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-download-and-install-xcode/), [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) and [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) are highly recommended. Otherwise, you will encounter issues with the repo's tooling.
```

## Install Xcode

> macOS by itself does not have a way to process binary code. While the expectation is not to build a macOS or iOS app, [Xcode](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-download-and-install-xcode/) is needed for it's ability to compile C in the Terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
macOS by itself does not have a way to process binary code. Even though we're not building a macOS or iOS app, [Xcode](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-download-and-install-xcode/) is needed to compile C in the Terminal.
```

> The powerful open-source LLVM compiler for C, C++, and Objective-C is built into Xcode and available from Terminal. With it, your code compiles quickly, and is optimized by Apple to produce blazing-fast apps specifically tuned for the CPUs in iPhone, iPad, and Mac.

## Install Homebrew

> While Homebrew comes with a vast array of [additional tooling](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/) you can install, the main reason for [installing Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) is to unlock your user account from things that macOS typically locks down. Once you have Homebrew installed, there is additional access granted to developers for installing tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Homebrew comes with a vast array of [additional tooling](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/) you can install, the main reason for [installing Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) is to unlock your user account from things that macOS typically locks down. Once you have Homebrew installed, developers are granted additional access for installing tooling.
```

## Install Node Version Manager (NVM)

> Not everyone, nor is every project on the same version of Node. [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) allows for greater flexibility to run different versions of Node on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every project is on the same version of Node. [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) makes it easy to run different versions of Node on demand.
```

## Clone a repo

> The following command will clone the `auro-button` repo and open it in VS Code (if configured).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command will clone the `auro-button` repo and open it in VS Code (if [configured](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/mac#_launching-from-the-command-line)).
```
